Use the quarkus MongoClients in the liquibase-mongodb extension (#46326)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/liquibase-mongodb.adoc

# quarkus.liquibase-mongodb.default-catalog-name=DefaultCatalog
# quarkus.liquibase-mongodb.default-schema-name=DefaultSchema
----
NOTE: Liquibase needs a database either in the connection string or with the `quarkus.mongodb.database` property.

> NOTE: By default, Liquibase MongoDB is configured to use the default MongoDB client you can change the client with `quarkus.liquibase-mongodb.mongodb-client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: By default, Liquibase MongoDB is configured to use the default MongoDB client Quarkus creates, but you can configure the extension to use a named client by setting `quarkus.liquibase-mongodb.mongodb-client`.
```
